generate a single debug file for a long duration capture (#10279)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/commands/debug.mdx

| `agent`   | Version and configuration information about the agent.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| `host`    | Information about resources on the host running the target agent such as CPU, memory, and disk.                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `cluster` | A list of all the WAN and LAN members in the cluster.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `metrics` | Metrics from the in-memory metrics endpoint in the target, captured at the interval.                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | `logs`    | `DEBUG` level logs for the target agent, captured for the interval.                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: I think this should say "captured for the whole duration" now right?

Author: > I think this looks good.
> 
> Not sure if other reviewers want to take another pass - might be worth a ping to see but I'll approve this 😄 .
> 
> There was one integration test failure that looks like a flake and I just re-ran it. If it fails again it might be worth double-checking but I expect it's unrelated as I don't think we even run this command in envoy integration tests anywhere.

I will check if @dnephin or @freddygv  can take a quick look and merge it. 
Thank you 😄 !!

> | `pprof`   | Golang heap, CPU, goroutine, and trace profiling captured for `-duration` time. This information is not retrieved unless [`enable_debug`](/docs/agent/options#enable_debug) is set to `true` on the target agent or ACL are enable and an ACL token with `operator:read` is provided. |

Author: I'm not sure if this is still accrurate

Author: @dnephin this is still true but not fully accurate, do you think we should say more in the doc or this is the right level of detail?

Reviewer: This is really the most detailed reference documentation we have for these features so I think this would be a good place to be precise about what users should expect. I don't think we need to go into implementation specifics but I think this would be a good place to describe that `profile` and `trace` will now be single captures for the full duration while `heap` and `goroutines` will be captured per-interval.

Author: I updated it with more details, let me know if this is ok

> | `pprof`   | Golang heap, CPU, goroutine, and trace profiling. CPU and traces are captured for `duration` in a single file while heap and goroutine are snapshots for each `interval` captured in multiple files for `duration`. This information is not retrieved unless [`enable_debug`](/docs/agent/options#enable_debug) is set to `true` on the target agent or ACL are enable and an ACL token with `operator:read` is provided. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pprof`   | Golang heap, CPU, goroutine, and trace profiling. CPU and traces are captured for `duration` in a single file while heap and goroutine are separate snapshots for each `interval`. This information is not retrieved unless [`enable_debug`](/docs/agent/options#enable_debug) is set to `true` on the target agent or ACLs are enable and an ACL token with `operator:read` is provided. |
```

Ha ha I know I said this was a good place for detail 😄 I think the "multiple files for duration" part might actually make it harder to understand without a little more clarification which might be overkill here. This is slightly _less_ specific but I think clear enough. What do you think?
